docs(Grid): Add documentation about AI features (#3165)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/smart-ai-features/overview.md

| `GetAIResult()` | `string` | Returns a `GridAIResult` that you can use to [update properties from the Grid state](slug:grid-state#methods). Processes a serialized `GridAIResponse` object that is received as a string method argument. Then, the Grid applies all defined data operations from the `GridAIResponse` to its state, for example, filtering, grouping, highlighting, and sorting. When using the `GridToolBarAIAssistantTool`, you can set the serialized `GridAIResponse` object from the endpoint directly to `Response` property of the `OnPromptRequest` event argument, which is an `AIPromptPromptRequestEventArgs` object. |

## Tutorial

Use the following steps to implement a scenario with built-in Grid AI integration.

### Install NuGet Package

> 1. Add the `Telerik.AI.SmartComponents.Extensions` NuGet package to your Blazor app. The package is hosted on `nuget.org`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Add the [`Telerik.AI.SmartComponents.Extensions` NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Telerik.AI.SmartComponents.Extensions) to your Blazor app.
```
